# SCD-web
**Stage1: Webpage Preparation**
1.Download the GitHub package, create a Flask project in the Python interpreter. After extracting the files, place the corresponding scripts, HTML files, and images into their respective folders.
2.Run `app.py`, and then click on the port to access the webpage.
**Stage2: Webpage Usage**
1.Website simulation options. Simulating coverage depth using sequencing data documents corresponds to Option "Upload Sequencing File" in "Select Simulation Type." Simulating coverage depth based solely on designed PCR amplification efficiency without sequencing data corresponds to Option "Upload PCR Efficiency File". Conducting a pure simulation without sequencing data or PCR amplification efficiency design corresponds to Option "Pure Simulation". The first two options each provide an example document. Users can choose to download the example document and upload it for a demonstration simulation, or directly upload their own experimental data file for simulation. Please note that we have set default values, which you can replace with your own values as needed for the simulation. The image below the settings illustrates the entire process of DNA storage in the context of the coverage depth issues we are considering. The diagram labels the meanings of all parameters required by this webpage at the corresponding positions. It also shows the correspondence between the simulation content and the sections of the webpage.
2.Option "Upload Sequencing File". Under this option, three sections are provided: Data Analysis and Channel Probability Distribution Simulation, Sample Information Extraction Completeness, Minimum Sequencing Coverage Depth for Recovering All Information. Section 1 is a statistical analysis of the sequencing data. The legend of the third figure provides the modeling parameters for the channel probability distribution of the sequencing data. Section 2 simulates the expected retrieval proportion of encoded strands under a preset coverage depth in a noiseless channel, as well as the expected coverage depth under a preset retrieval proportion of encoded strands. Section 3 is used to simulate the expected sequencing coverage depth required to recover all information under a given code rate (and retrieval algorithm parameters) in both noiseless and noisy channels. Fig. 4, Fig. 5, and the table will be updated in real-time based on the user's settings on the webpage. A pop-up notification will appear at the top of the webpage after a successful update.
3.Option "Upload PCR Efficiency File". Under this option, two sections are provided: Sample Information Extraction Completeness, Minimum Sequencing Coverage Depth for Recovering All Information. These two sections can achieve the same functions as described in the previous step. Fig. 1, Fig. 2, and the table will be updated in real-time based on the user's settings on the webpage. A pop-up notification will appear at the top of the webpage after a successful update.
4.Option "Pure Simulation". Under this option, two sections are provided: Sample Information Extraction Completeness, Minimum Sequencing Coverage Depth for Recovering All Information. These two sections can achieve the same functions as described in the previous step. Fig. 1, Fig. 2, and the table will be updated in real-time based on the user's settings on the webpage. A pop-up notification will appear at the top of the webpage after a successful update.
